Well, good evening, family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me again
tonight.
We have a lot to talk about, but I'm
just
asking the Holy Spirit right now to
lead me and guide me in what I'm
supposed to say.
There was a lot last night that I was
shown. If you watched that
broadcast and finished it, and
watched the whole thing,
I've tried all day long to
process
everything the Lord has shown us, I
believe, by the leading of the Holy
Spirit.
And as you process it, you know,
it's a lot of what I asked
Braden. I said, "Did I say
certain things?"Because I was seeing a
lot,
but I'm trying to learn
to filter.
And so I was asking him, I said,
"Did I say this? I know I
didn't give great
detail."So
tonight I will try to put some puzzle
pieces together for you for
some of the things I was shown.
I was troubled by it,
and I learned something.
The Lord showed me, and I want to let me
pray real quick: Father, I plead the
blood over this live stream in the name
of Jesus.
I put angels all around my house. I put
angels around my family.
I thank you, Father,
that your angels are watching over us
and there's no hexes or vexes or
witchcraft of any kind that come nigh
us.
We bless those that curse us.
And we thank you, Lord, that every
tongue that rises against us, Father, we
condemn it.
It falls to the ground, and it will not
bear fruit.
In the name of Jesus, we thank you,
Lord, that we have power and authority
over the devil.
And you said in your word that nothing
shall by any means hurt us.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that our
angels are here to protect us right now.
And I say you will not interrupt our
internet feed.
We plead the blood over the internet
feed, and no distractions
or attacks of any kind will come nigh
as we do this.
I thank you, Lord, for the angels of the
Lord that camp around and about us,
Lord. We're so grateful.
Amen and amen.
Well, okay.
So, as we were praying yesterday, the
Lord showed us a lot. Now
I
realize as of today
that there are layers.
I can say it
like this: there's ankle-deep,
waist-deep, and
over the head.
And there are levels of seeing
as I go ankle-deep, waist-deep, or over
the head.
And I learned last night
when I get into the place of the
prophetic, seeing
and hearing Him,
there
is
a depth level
of what I'm being shown,
how far into the future I'm
looking.
Now,
I don't know how else to
describe it;
I'm doing the best I can.
But as I was looking into it today,
driving and doing what we had to
do for Diana, for eBay, and all
the things we had to do today,
I was praying in the Spirit.
The
Lord spoke to me and
showed me about
the
Clarity Act
versus the Save America Act. I realize they are
two different things,
but both are truly the same.
That may sound kind of weird to you, but
both are to
save America. Both save America.
Clarity, Save America, voting, all of
it. Regarding finances,
people asked, "Brandon,
can you give us a timeline about
finances? Can you tell
us?"No,
I am not. Let me say this again: I am
not a financial advisor.
Everything I say on this channel is what
I believe by the leading of the Holy
Spirit; what He has told me.
But I am never going to advise you on
anything about investments.
That's not my place. That's not what God
has
called me to do.
God has called me to be a watchman, and I
believe that with all my heart, to pray
for the nations. Now, if you say, "Well,
Brandon, I feel like this is what I
should do with my
finances,"that's
between you and God,
but that's not what I've told you to do. I
have
not told you to do anything. If you feel
like, "I should save up money. I should do
this. I should do that,"well, praise the
Lord. I'm glad you're hearing Him.
So, I want to make that very clear, that
my job is always to bring things to you
to pray about.
I pray over crypto. I pray over gold. I
pray over housing. I pray over the buildings. I pray
that
God will show us these things.
But what God shows me whenever I
tell
you I do eBay and Poshmark—my wife
does that. "Well, Brandon, I want to
know how to do that."Well, did He tell
you to do it? If He did, then you do it.
He could tell you to be the best pie
maker in all the world, and you could
make the best coconut cream
pies, better than anybody
ever, and have a pie stand similar to what
they have in Edmond. They have it
in the
town of Edmond, Oklahoma. There's this
place called Railhead,
and they make the best pies. I'm telling
you, these pies are incredible. I
have never tasted a pie like I have
tasted at Railhead. That's what they
specialize in,
and
they have a slamming business. If
you don't get there a week before Thanksgiving
and have your pie
ordered, you're not getting a fresh pie
for
Thanksgiving.
But they have the best pie. And I love
Railhead pie. It's my thing.
If
anybody asks, "Do you like
cake?"No,
Brandon likes pies. But I don't eat that
anymore; I'm trying very hard. But I'm
telling you, in the past, I
loved
chocolate pie.
So what I'm telling you is that God
might give you an idea for a chocolate
pie like they have at Railhead,
okay?
I don't
know,
but as I'm seeing this, I'll tell you the
vision of what I've been shown.
I saw today again Eric and Don Jr.
doubling
the wealth of their
family in the near future.
I saw a new
type of Coinbase
coming,
a new exchange that will give Coinbase a
run for its money.
I saw a blessing coming on the Trump
boys
with some kind of investment, some kind
of
app—not
Truth Social,
but something.
And I see
certain billionaires involved in this.
Certain billionaires who are very, very
rich
are involved in this
in the days ahead. When? I don't know.
It
could be Trump being in office at this
time, I would assume.
That's me assuming when looking
into something,
but as I saw it today,
I saw Asia
and I saw America.
I saw Europe,
and
they had certain
parts of the world
that wanted to join up to do their own
thing.
And I saw the Clarity Act
today again.
I saw a table
that had all these businessmen and
bankers discussing.
What was interesting was there was a
demon in the middle of the table,
and it was as red as a chili pepper.
I could see this demon trying to
cause confusion in the meeting.
It was focused on one man in
particular.
Who that man is, I'm never going to say.
It
was focused on this one man,
causing him to get angry,
acting out
in anger
and
control.
Like you see some people,
they throw a fit and explode to
control the situation. You have the
peacemaker in one corner that just wants to
do good business, but you have a
guy that's a bully and goes off, and
that's the way they control people, by
their anger and
outbursts.
I saw this man doing this,
and the Lord said, "Watch this. Pray
over
this."And
I was allowed to go into the meeting
today.
When the
meeting takes place, I don't know. Is it
in the future? Is it today? I don't
know.
I just saw this meeting.
So the Lord was allowing me to
see things. Then I saw Asia.
I saw Asian markets doing something to
compete with America's Clarity Act
because America wants to be the
crypto capital of the world.
So Asia was like, "Oh, we are not
going to allow that to happen. We're
going to come against that. We're going
to do our own thing."Then I saw the
Middle Eastern countries, and they want
to do their own thing. But
all of them kind of lead to the same
pot
regarding
which currencies they would
support and back.
As I was watching this, I thought it
was
really interesting.
I prayed over it a lot,
and
that was what I was praying over
today.
So people ask, "Do you believe the
economy is going to crash here and
there?"I
don't know.
I told you what I saw concerning Trump's
ear.
And the Lord said, "I'm giving you
a window to pray over Trump and to
hold him in prayer, for him to make
decisions to give America a wave
that
is
shallow."It
was a
wave that was not a really big,
vast wave. It was a wave that Trump was
riding on with a surfboard.
As he was riding it, there was gold,
dollar signs,
and
crypto signs in it. There were all
kinds of things in it. But as it
crashed, there was a residue of what
the wave left. There
were
golden things on the ground,
things that looked like coins.
And the Lord said, "Fill your pockets with
it.
It's only just that deep,
but it's enough to get you through the
season that is
coming."I
saw a thin layer.
He said, "This
is what you are believing to be the
wealth transfer. It
is
a thin layer, but it is just
enough. You can fill your pockets and
maybe a
bag."And
that's where this vision ended.
So, do I believe we're going to have
that?
He said 1%.
There
are
billion people or whatever, so 1% of 8 billion
is
still a lot of people participating in
this wealth transfer,
but not everybody will hear Him.
When I'm praying into all this stuff
and telling you what I'm seeing,
I
believe last night was
almost over my head because I was
being pulled into it.
And as I was looking into what I believe
is
in the future...
Okay, here we go.
Do you want to play the video first?
Do you want me to talk
about arrests? Do you want me to
talk about everything I saw last night
and
just skip today's stuff? I think we
should show them this.
There's another meteor
that went over,
the third one. This month we have
a third meteor
that went over Ohio today.
Do y'all see it?
So, another one, just like the Lord
said, signs in the heavens. And as we
enter April 1st, the birthing pains
will accelerate, and it will be about
signs in the heavens,
another
layer of things that are about to
start taking place, and meteors. These
lights are coming into our atmosphere
and people are like, "Oh
no."Well,
nobody's lost the glass out of their
houses
yet or their cars. But that's what
I saw happening, to the point where it shatters
buildings'glass.
I
won't
say leveled, because leveled means it's not
there anymore, like an EF5. It was
a traumatic
event blowing all the glass
out of the windows of the houses
and
the buildings.
It was so loud that it was
deafening
as I watched this one event
take place. This one rock went
all the way across America,
and it looked like something out of a
sonic boom. It blew the glass
out of cars and homes.
I thought that was interesting.
So, we're seeing these rocks come in.
Have we had all these rocks before? I
don't know. Maybe I'm looking for it
more. Maybe they've always been there.
Braden's
been looking for it more because of the
word the Lord gave us. Maybe these were
here all the time. And you could say,
"Brandon,
this has been going on for
years."We
don't know because we've never
followed it. Braden only started
following this because of what the Lord
showed us.
So, I'm not going to add to, take away
from, or hype anything up. If this is
something that's been happening for a
while, then say, "Brandon, this
has been going on for a long time. We
have this stuff happening every day."We
didn't
pay attention to it until
now, but
we're always watching for what the Holy
Spirit has told us.
I'm
not trying to make
anything out of nothing,
just trying to say, "Hey, another one
happened."So,
what did you want to see?
Oh,
I want to see that.
Are you
ready?
What is this one, honey?
Oh,
yeah, go ahead. We're going to watch
this. Now, this is interesting.
This is Fox News today. This is
what they talked about today.
This is March 12th,
right?
You don't have the right
one on. I don't
know. Yeah, it was 13 hours ago.
Did they just release it today?
I don't know.
No, he was African-American.
Him. Okay. Maybe they did a rerun.
Okay, now
play this. I want you to hear the
man.
There you go.
Yeah.
Yes, Easter. Yeah. I don't
know why it's not working. The
buttons are messed up.
There you go.
The
Democrat markup could come. Digital
asset subcommittee chair said Senator Lummis
told
Maria the Clarity Act
markup
could come out near Easter. Now the
White House and the Senate reportedly
reached a preliminary agreement on
digital asset regulation aimed at
resolving the clash between the banks
and digital asset firms over stablecoin
yields. In particular, the issue of the
rewards, crypto stocks falling on that
report. Circle, the issuer of the second
largest stablecoin by circulation,
plunged 20% Tuesday. Coinbase, the largest
cryptocurrency exchange here, is reportedly
opposing the latest version. Again, we
have heard that opposition from
the CEO of Coinbase in the past. Let's
bring in South Carolina Senator Tim
Scott. He chairs the Senate Banking,
Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee and
has
been a leading voice in passing the
Clarity Act. Mr. Chairman, you and I
have had many conversations about the
Clarity Act. Where are we right
now?
Well, Cheryl, this is hard and it
should be hard because this is the first
time ever we've tried to deal with such
a historic piece of legislation. It will
keep America as the most dominant player
in the world economically. There's good
news though, Cheryl. The first thing I'd
say is that we now have Republicans and
Democrats working together on language
that they can agree on. The White House
agrees on it as well.
We have one more step to go. We need the
industry to agree on it. So, I spoke
last night with Coinbase as well.
Everyone is still at the table. There
is
work to be done, but I am really excited
about the fact that we finally have
Republicans and Democrats agreeing on
something really important on the yield
conversation. We now have to get
the
industry to buy into this language. This
is a threading the needle process. It's
always difficult the first time you do
it, but it gets better
and better. And so, I'm
still very optimistic about where we
are.
Well,
it comes down to the issue of the
rewards on the cryptocurrency
platforms side. The banks oppose this
because these cryptocurrency firms are
not regulated the same as banks are. Of
course, crypto platforms like Coinbase
don't want to be regulated like
banks do. So, does that mean that the
banks, in a sense, are starting to win the
argument about the rewards?
Well, Cheryl, the banks are at the table
as well, but let's remember, we're
talking about an apple and an orange.
We're not talking about apple versus
apple. A stablecoin is a $1 to $1
backing, whereas your savings account is
a fractional system. So we're talking
about two very different systems
altogether. But yes, we want to make
sure that the advertising or the
marketing of a stablecoin account is
very different than an FDIC-insured bank
account. That's important. But at the
end of the day, all the players are
still at the table. We should
expect this to be a very interesting and
frankly exciting process. Not as exciting as
March Madness, but it's pretty darn
exciting to watch us get closer and
closer to the end of this deal. I'm
excited about where we are. All right.
And I'm excited about March Madness. I
agree with you on that.
Me too. Let's talk about some other
issues of the day. So, House Budget
Committee Chair Jodey Arrington is in
formal talks with Senate Budget
Committee Chair Lindsey Graham regarding
a second reconciliation bill. Now, this
would fund the Pentagon's $200
billion
supplemental for the...
So,
I saw the three big banks, Chase,
Wells Fargo,
and Bank of America holding a rope to a
rocket
and they were pulling it down. I saw
whitewater
rapids with crypto bouncing
around on it in front of the
tank.
They had it, and then all of a sudden
they had a meeting. I saw the meeting. I
saw one man make everything work,
and they came and they all started
shaking hands.
The stream
went
not as
volatile, but
the rocket that was on the rope was being
held by the man that
runs
Chase Bank.
And as they were arguing, they
were coming against things.
Jamie Dimon, thank you. Jamie Dimon was
holding the rocket.
I saw the rocket take off and they
weren't able to hold it anymore by this
rope that looked like a cable.
And I thought it was interesting. It
took off, and I saw Garlinghouse
smiling very big, and he said, 'All we
need is clarity, and the rest will work
out
itself.'He
was standing at the edge of the water
brook that was all volatile,
and he was looking at the water
and looking at them holding it,
and he knew the time of that rope, their
season, was almost done.
He said, 'All I need is
clarity.'I
thought it was interesting. That was
one of the visions I had.
So, I thought that was
interesting. The things we see today
in the news, we want to do this before
Easter, which is next week. So, will
they get it done before Easter of next
week? I don't know. We'll see.
All right. So, let's move on. I'm
already taking too much time here, 24
minutes.
Last night I was shown quite a bit.
I'm going to go over some of the
terrorist activities that I saw.
I saw 10 major cities again.
I saw strategic people. Oh Jesus, help
me.
Okay,
I
call for clarity of thought, and I
put this out there like
we're
supposed
to.
I'll start here. I saw a railroad car
that was black that had a pulse inside
of it that looked like the movie
Ocean's 11.
It had a pulse in there.
And as the pulse went off in the
railroad car, it sent
things to disrupt the power grid.
It was in Atlanta,
the city of Atlanta, Georgia.
I could see train stations. I could see
trains. I could see this plot against
our substations.
And they have a plan
out of the 10 cities.
You think, what is the main MO? I've
always told you, I saw 10 cities with a
hundred
men in each city,
and they were divided out by three,
some by two.
But each one of them had a
recon
mission
to gather intel of what is vulnerable.
Water.
I saw water plants.
I saw our electric plants. I saw our
dams.
Hoover Dam. Do you remember me talking
about this? The Lord put it all together
last night. Everything that I've
told you, he put it all together.
They target mass transit in subways,
buses,
places
where people gather a lot to travel,
gatherings
of mega churches, gatherings
of
mega schools, and coliseums. But it wasn't
just about a mass pow-pow event
or a boom like Timothy
McVeigh.
It was about how to disrupt
the
infrastructure of our
nation.
As I was praying into this last night, I
saw substations
across America that were vulnerable
in
major cities
as they were being
taken out.
I saw nuclear facilities that were being
targeted.
I saw Hoover Dam with a massive dump
truck
that had Timothy McVeigh stuff,
fertilizer
to flood
Nevada.
What
would it take
to take out that massive thing?
And what would happen if they did?
It generates electricity.
There's a lot about Hoover to make it
where if they could do what they're
planning on doing, it would cause a lot
of death, a lot of destruction, a lot of
bad. So, I saw that as a
target. Now, I know from what I see
that thing, you can drive cars across it.
It is a massive thing. So, what would it
take? How could they do it? I don't
know. I saw one at the top of it. It
looked like some kind of
dump truck that was being used for this
event. Trying to
scope out bridges.
One in particular, the one that goes
from
New York to
the
New Jersey area
going into Manhattan.
I saw a major disruption on a bridge to
the point where it was split in the
middle and cars were going off the side
of this bridge and they were in the
water.
I saw President Trump's motorcades,
praying over attacks not on him in the
Beast, but on people that were in the
Suburbans around him.
I saw a list of names.
I saw from the least to greatest of
targets that they deemed necessary
to eliminate in our country like we have
done theirs.
All their main generals and
their people of importance, they were
saying an eye for an eye. But we want to
inflict the same kind of
retaliation against their country
as what they did to us.
I saw a white piece of paper, and each
one had importance of who was a target
and who they wanted most,
from Trump's family
to people that are in his cabinet.
And it was strategic things, and
people were stationed that were not
terrorists.
They were like our Navy SEALs.
I don't think there's anybody as good as
our Navy SEALs,
but they're wannabes.
We have the best in the world.
I truly believe our Navy SEALs are the
best in the world. You don't get better
than that, but there are people that are
similar.
I saw these men that were
highly trained.
They came
from Canada.
How they got here,
I don't know. There
were
too many people looking
at
the southern border. They came
from the northern border.
Our power grid is vulnerable.
As I saw the power grid being taken out,
I saw banking
not opening.
I saw Chase Bank
completely black and
nobody was there
as they tried to build the substation
back.
They were after our stock market and
our economy,
to disrupt our
Dow Jones
to create havoc and chaos in our nation
concerning finances.
Now, I don't know if there are backup
generators at these places in all these
banks, but from what I saw, the
banks'lights
were off.
So, is that representation of something?
I don't know, but the banks'lights were
off.
I saw strategic plans concerning
this. And the Lord said, 'What
did you think they were going to do?
They would all come out like Rambo with
AK-47s and go into
places.'I
said, 'You know, Lord, I
did.'And
he knew that.
That's
why he was correcting it.
He said, 'Their job is to try to disrupt
and to detour and to distract as much as
they can our
economy.'He
said, 'Brandon,
go back to September 23rd when the FBI
found all of the underground
communication in New York and they
busted the apartment full of SIM
cards.'Do
you remember that?
I want to show you again.
This is about disruption of our 911
system so that people can't call in.
It was to overpower the grid of our
cell phones to be able to not have real
emergencies going in there as a major
attack. I saw the UN again.
I saw the water.
I saw subway systems, an attack on our
subway system. I saw attacks on major
infrastructure things that would cause
mass chaos.
Do you remember this?
Do you have the video? Is it gone?
I can't find the video.
It's gone now. They probably took it
down.
Old news.
You can show them the article. Yeah.
Okay.
To those that don't remember,
the Lord said this: This is bigger. As
I saw key things in Chicago,
Seattle, and other cities across
America. It wasn't just New York,
other substations just like this.
Other major substations.
You have it?
Okay.
I want to refresh your memory
because
this is what the Lord showed me,
and it was in great detail last night. How long is that video? Three minutes. Okay, just play it real quick. You have it? Yes. The Secret Service announced that it dismantled a massive telecommunications threat to the city. According to the agency, agents uncovered a cache of electronic devices, including SIM cards and servers in multiple locations within a 35-mile radius from the United Nations. The Secret Service said the network had the capability of anonymously transmitting assassination threats. It could also be used to disrupt cell service. Listen to this. These devices allowed anonymous encrypted communications between potential threat actors and criminal enterprises, enabling criminal organizations to operate undetected. NBC News National Law Enforcement and Intelligence correspondent Tom Winter. If you're from a different generation, you might think I'm speaking a foreign language, but there are these rooms and we're looking at the images right now. Each phone has a SIM in it. And it's basically your way, a SIM card or an electronic SIM card, which just tells the cellular network, here's the phone, here's who it belongs to, and here's the subscriber information as far as what network they can get
on and go from there. Well, instead of carrying around one of these big phones and trying to convey one of these threats or buying a whole bunch of them, you can just buy the SIM, attach it into these SIM servers, and all of a sudden you can use a US number even if you're located on an entirely different continent. And that's what this stems from. And that's kind of how the Secret Service got onto this because there were a number of threats that were conveyed to people that they regularly protect. And they have a unit that goes back and looks at those threats and says, not only is this real, is it not real, let's go back and figure out where these threats are coming from. And they traced it back to these phone numbers. And what somebody could do, say I was located in China or in Austria or some island somewhere, is I can connect to that SIM server and use a US number to convey a threat, have a phone call, ask for information, all those types of things.
So scammers use these a lot. But when they start to convey threats, that's where the Secret Service gets involved. And that's how we get to where we are
today. But speaking of where
we are, tell me about
the timing. I mean,
this is happening in the middle of the UN. The president of the United States is here in this city. There's extra security. How did we get here in this moment? Right? So, one of the things that they try to do whenever the president is in town or there's the United Nations General Assembly, where Garrett was just reporting from, they want to try to stop any threat before it becomes a threat. Even if it's not something that is imminent, let's just eliminate the possibility. And that's where this comes from. So, the threat here really was more focused on if you were to have all of those phones call or text at once in the New York City area, you could basically just overload the cellular network in New York. And obviously, when you have all these foreign leaders in, the type of havoc that could create, the type of issues that could come up, that's one of the reasons why we're told, according to authorities in the Secret Service, they made the move. Now we should note, though, that these farms are simpler than you realize.
Many of you all don't realize
what's truly in our nation,
what's come over the border during Biden.
And we can thank Sleepy Joe all day
long. He's the one that let these people
in.
Our border has
never been more secure than what it's
ever been since President Trump.
Thank God for him.
But y'all, you don't realize the
riff-raff
of MS-13 and the darkness that
came
over our borders
in that four-year term, that four-year window.
Is this more of it? Yeah.
This is what they
busted. And the Lord said, 'There's more
of
these.'The
Lord warned me specifically. He
said, 'Brandon, there's more of
those.'This
is a multi-tens of
million dollar
operation that
has been going on for a while, that's
been funded by Iran and by
terrorist organizations. But as I
saw again last night, the Lord warned me.
He said, 'What do you
think they're after? What do you think
they're going to do?'And I
was seeing it
about the power grid, about
causing social unrest.
And so I was looking into the summer
months, praying over
strategic targets, praying over our
250th-year
celebration.
You know, I know President Trump says
the war is almost over in Iran,
but the war truly, I believe, is not over.
It's about to flip
thousands of miles.
I believe the retaliation attack
is within our own.
You say, 'Well, how come they haven't
done it yet?'Because if
they expose their hand for
the right time...
September the 11th of 2001
was strategic. It was thought out the
way they did it. Everything was by
design, that was perfect.
They weren't in a hurry.
And a retaliation is not going to be a
slap,
like you're looking for the slap back.
'Oh yeah, I'm going to hit you back.
You hit me, I hit you back.'No, the Lord
said it's not a punch for a punch,
but they want to do a fatal blow
to
keep America out of what they want to do
with Israel.
America is in the way. Big brother is in
the way. And people
go, 'Where is America in Ezekiel 38 and
39?
Where is America at? Why doesn't it talk
about that? Why is it God comes through
and does all that?'But wouldn't you
think big brother or the big friend,
where is he at during all this?
He's busy with what's going on inside
his own shores.
What's going on inside his own borders?
I'm telling you what I've
seen:
a major shaking. And I saw the Lord in
that time when I got completely quiet.
Jesus was standing there and He spoke to
me.
He was wearing a white robe with
purple over it,
and He said, 'Brandon, the people have
stuck their nose up to
me.'And
I told you what He said about the
shaking,
that many of you will say in the days
ahead, 'A great Ichabod has come to our
land.'But
the Lord said, 'No, you will
not be
a goat nation. You will remain a sheep
nation.
America will remain a sheep
nation.'And
He said to me in that silence,
He said, 'I'm going to shake America, for
they are spoiled brats
the way they have
displayed themselves with their
haughtiness and their nose up toward the
Lord.'There's
going to be a First Corinthians 5:5,
a shaking to awaken. That's why I try to
tell you all this over and over. And as
it was all coming together, I saw a
darkness settle in with a new
type of Obama spokesman.
And I thought, is this
the one that
professes to be Republican?
Is this
the
one that professes to be
Republican? If you
remember—Jesus,
help me.
Okay, I won't go there.
You know, there's just so much, I
go, 'Oh, goodness. You have to pray for
me, y'all. This is
heavy.'Okay.
I saw a person being groomed.
They had the ability to
speak, that was charismatic, that drew
you in. And I saw that they would bring
down like Obama did. He was able to
talk. He got everybody to really
like him. No matter what color your skin
was, people liked him. Regardless,
he won by landslides.
Obama won
and people liked him. Two terms.
And I saw that this person—and
I say
it in a polite way—will hand him and
say, 'Hold my
Coke,'and
everybody knows,
understands
what I'm saying.
This person who's about to take
over
and come on the scene is going to say,
'Hold my Coke,'to Obama.
Wait,
what? 'Well, now it's my
turn.'Okay.
There was a darkness and a grooming that
was not Muslim,
that was not
Buddhist or whatever. It wasn't
a religion per se. It was a
grooming by Satan himself.
There was a darkness that looked like a
whirlwind of black around this
individual of darkness.
I saw a
rise,
and I saw the number eight
beside them.
And it will be a
two-term
president.
A two-term president.
But the Lord said, 'You must contend.
You must pray. The church must rise up
and pray, for this is the alternative
over here.'Do you see that? Over here
is
the alternative. Rubio is the
target. I'm believing God for
Rubio, right? We want Rubio.
Rubio is what I believe is coming.
The good.
But if the church doesn't rise up and do
what they're supposed to do, I saw the
dark agenda over here.
I saw America being completely
changed, almost like a
complete
rewriting of the
Constitution.
It was some of
the darkest things I've ever seen, as it
looked like a dark umbrella was
trying to come on our nation.
And I thought there are so many people saying,
'Well,
we'll stop this, we'll
stop that.'I
love your
tenacity. I love how bold you are.
But it's not just about a couple
of
people. It's about a nation as a whole,
the heart of a nation.
Do you understand? How does it beat? You
may have a little sliver of red in the
middle. Like I told you, there was a
sliver of red in the middle.
And there was a heart, and it was
beating for America. But a lot of it was
black and gray on the outer edges. There
was a little red in the middle, and
that's the remnant.
That's the prayers.
And the Lord said, 'Do you see the vast
heart of America, from coast to coast,
sea to sea, from the Gulf to Canada?
You're in the Bible
Belt.'And
even when I talked to my dad
today, he said,
'We're so secluded
and so sheltered as to who we
are because we're not around the world that
much. We don't go over the
Mississippi,
you know. We're just people
that love the Lord, that are
country. Dad raised cattle
and does the way he does.
We're not used to a lot of
carnal-minded,
I would call it, Eastern
thinking.'We're
just country folk.
And when you talk to people, when we
gave out the number for deliverance
and he talked to a lot of folks, he
said,
'Brandon, it's another world out
there.'When
you talk to people and
you're not used to that, it's shocking.
I said, 'Dad, the world is
darker than we realize.'I'm telling
you, I see the emails. I see the
comment section. I see the trolls.
The world is like you go out
and you go, 'Don't cross that line. It's
hell over
there.'It
is scary.
You don't realize it
when you've been in real country.
It's real Southern; it's a
lot different. We think a lot
differently
driving trucks, just hanging out.
It's just different.
I don't know how else to describe it to
you. When you talk to people in
California, it's like talking to people,
and they think... It's just
different thinking.
The further east you go, they think
differently
than you
do
down here. And you go, 'Well,
they're real simple and
backwoods.'Yeah.
But I know
that we have a love for Jesus, and we
are sold out to Him,
and we're all in.
But we can't take the
heartland of the Bible Belt and sit
there and say that we speak for
all of America, is what I'm trying to
say. 'There's a sliver of red, but I saw
great blackness on it.'And the Lord
said, 'There's a great storm coming.
There's a humbling coming to your
nation.
They've stuck their nose up toward
me.'So
when certain groups hear that,
they go, 'What are you talking about?
You're eating some bad
something, you
know?'I
said, 'No, but the Lord says
this.'We've
got to venture out more.
We've
got to get out of our little
towns and maybe go to Boston,
go to Philadelphia. I don't know.
We'd
probably be in culture shock.
It's different.
I like where we live.
I like the country. I like
the deer and all the
things,
farmers and
showing pigs and raising cattle.
It's fun. It's beautiful. It's a
simple life.
It's not all the hype of
everybody in Hollywood and the
celebrity. So I said, I'm not into
all the celebrity stuff.
I just want Jesus,
and I want to see people raised from the
dead.
And I believe with all my heart that we
will see this.
But the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake
these
nations.'And
as I was looking into that vision
last night and I saw what's coming,
I told Braden after it was
over—Diana
was in there—we talked about it for hours
till the wee hours of the morning.
I said, 'These are the things I
saw.'And
it bothered me greatly
because I said, 'Nobody realizes what's
truly coming.
We don't realize what we've let into our
nation.'And
regardless of how Trump tries to
calm down the fire—you know, 'The
war's
almost over, the economy is going
to be great'—I'm telling you, there's a
shaking of this nation. And if we do not
pray for our president and pray for his
sons and his daughters, he won't make
it across the finish line.
It's going to take the body of Christ
undergirding him and lifting him up over
that finish line to finish the job and
the task at hand.
He'll make it by grace.
I saw a shaking coming to Europe.
I saw again
an 8.2 hitting Rome
that was devastating.
I saw houses that looked like they were
on top of each other, like
pillars of rubble.
An 8.2. The epicenter was complete
devastation, and it was right outside of
Rome.
Now, I've never been in an 8.2,
but I can assure you, from pictures I've
seen of things that it can do,
that's a pretty big earthquake.
The little ones that we get around here,
3.5, 4.4, whatever,
it
seems like our whole house is falling
apart.
But an 8.2, that's a pretty good size.
So, I see all these things
and I prayed over it a lot, like I
said, and I just gave you a sugarcoated
version tonight. I felt like that's what
I could do.
I'm never going to give the
great detail of what I saw
because it's stupid.
You have enough.
I feel like that was good.
Yeah, it's good enough.
You know,
if you believe it, you believe it; if
you don't, you don't. I did my job.
So,
pray over your electric grid. Pray over
your oil facilities,
your Tulsa, Oklahoma,
Louisiana, and Houston, and your
power
substations. Pray over
your substations in major cities. Pray
over your oil wells.
I can say that, though. I saw white
ceramic oil that looked like paint that
was glossy. And I saw
mass fires and explosions. And I saw
tankers that were completely engulfed
that
looked like lightning strikes, like
we see here whenever lightning hits the
oil
barrels here in Oklahoma. We have big
oil wells, you know, everywhere. And
if lightning strikes it, it
catches
on fire.
But what I saw was
a whole area of fires,
and I saw that they were
sabotaged.
Something was going on.
And the Lord said they're trying to
mess with your economy.
Pray over your economy.
Pray over your electric. Pray over
your water facility plants. Pray
over your nuclear facility plants. Pray
over your dams,
and so on and so on.
So
it's good enough. Oh, and mass transit.
So we see this.
And so I'm putting it all together for
you
so you can pray over it tonight. And if
the Lord shows us more, I had such an
urgency. I prayed over it all day today.
And the Lord showed me more about
praying over the Clarity Act, not the
Save America Act. Clarity Act. Praying
over that
line.
But this is what I'm talking
about. Do you see that? This is
sophisticated.
Do you see this? This is what they found
in that hotel. I mean, in the apartment
complex.
Think about how much time that took to
make that.
This was the one you watched last
time? This is the
oldest
one you watched last time that was
watched last year, right?
I found it.
You did? Yeah, the original. Okay, well,
that's it. Do you see them? Look at all
those
SIM cards. Do you see how much time
they took to buy all those and do all
that?
That's a lot of money.
That's a lot of time. That's a lot of
smarts. Somebody smart. There ain't no
dummy doing that.
That's somebody with some education up
in here,
people that are highly trained.
So,
all right.
I guess we'll pray. You all want to pray
with me?
We'll pray for a little bit here and
pray over
the first, which is Passover,
the
5th,
and for Easter, and for Good Friday,
which would be the
3rd.
We're going to pray over next week, and
we're going to pray, for I saw planned,
assigned attacks to try to stir up
stuff, and I believe we can protect our
churches.
That's our property. That's our stuff
to pray over, to expose darkness.
I believe with all my heart we have
power and authority to tread on serpents
and scorpions. They
are
led by the
devil
to kill, steal, and destroy.
But like I said, they don't
think that Muslims, they
think about holy war. It's a holy war.
It's not about a slap in the face. It's
about bringing forth their Mahdi.
They want to bring forth a Mahdi.
I saw Mahdi. I didn't bring him
up though.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for
the body.
We thank you, Father, for President
Trump and his Secret Service,
the list of people that you showed me
to pray over them, Father. We
thank you,
Father, that your hand is on our
nation,
and I believe the days ahead for the
church are the greatest days that
anybody could ever imagine.
Father, we are the church
that is arising and shining, for the
light has come and the glory of the Lord
has
risen on us. Father, we are
the
salt.
We're excited because we know all
this has to happen, because we know that
our redemption draws nigh, that you are
coming for us,
and we're so excited to be a part of
these last days.
We're so excited. We take
communion every day
and we lift it up before you. We're so
grateful that you took it all for us.
Father, you're exposing all the
darkness,
and we take this body. Is it okay? I
was
going towards you. No,
it's good. I lean back. Yeah,
it just makes it better if you
lean back so it doesn't change
as much. Thanks, Braden.
Father, I plead the blood. I take this
body right now in the name of Jesus. And
we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes,
we're healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that we don't
have to have sickness and disease
anymore in our bodies.
We take this and we remember what you
did for us,
for me, my wife, my children,
that by your stripes, we're healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are
overcomers
by the blood of the Lamb and by the word
of our testimony. We're overcomers in
our flesh.
And
Father, there
are
expiration dates to everything we've
been believing for
in our flesh.
Thank you, Lord. Father, as I stand with
them today for whatever they're
believing for, we believe. We're
believing believers, and we're fully
persuaded,
Father, that today is the day of
the turnaround. They're going to
have good lab results from the doctor.
They're going to have good test results.
I believe with them that today,
if they go to the doctor tomorrow
or this week or whatever,
and the doctor says they
have this or that wrong with them,
Father, they're going to start to
get a good report.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that all
things are possible to him who
believes.
We're a believing
people. We know that our lab
results, our tests, the
MRI, the CAT scans, whatever
you may have taken where you got a
bad
report,
is
going to turn around.
The doctor might have said there's
something wrong with you, but you say,
'Hey, I'm not moved by what I see. I'm
not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by
what the word of God says, and I don't
care what those results say, I'm not
moved by it.'I know, Father, that you
are able to do that which you've
promised. And you said by your stripes,
I'm healed. And I take this body in the
name of Jesus.
And we give you glory, honor, and
praise, Father, that we are the healed.
Amen and amen. Do you believe that?
All right.
We thank you for it.
No matter what your bank account says,
no matter if you're overdrawn in your
bank account and you're in the
negative, God is a provider. God will
take care of you.
From
the Bible, I've never seen
the righteous forsaken or his seed
begging bread. Regardless of what my
bank account says, I'm blessed in the
city. I'm blessed in the field. I'm
blessed coming in and I'm blessed going
out. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
whatever I put my hands to, I will
prosper.
I thank you, Father, that no matter what
the economists say or what
Peter Schiff says or whoever
says, Father, I know in whom
I have believed.
I believe
that you're able to provide.
I believe that you give creative ideas
to get wealth. I believe, Father,
that we're
at the spout where the glory comes out.
We're no longer in that place of just
barely getting by. We're at the place of
overflow.
I believe, Father,
that when we confess our sins, you're
able to forgive us of our sins. And I
take this blood right now in the name of
Jesus,
for
everyone that's believing tonight
for a breakthrough.
It's by the blood.
And I thank you, Lord, that as we make
much of the blood, the blood makes much
of us tonight. And we take the blood
right now in
Jesus'name.
And we know that it never loses its
power. After all these years, thousands
of years since your death and
your resurrection,
the blood still speaks for me,
speaks for you. It still
washes away sin. It still
keeps us covered and protected. It
has
never lost its power.
The blood,
the blood of Jesus.
And we thank you as we get ready to go
into Palm Sunday
this Sunday.
Palm Sunday. We thank you, Father,
that we still say Hosanna in the
highest.
Our deliverer is coming.
Our deliverer is standing by.
My deliverer is coming.
My deliverer
is standing by.
And he will never break his promise.
I remember that song. They used to
play that
all the time.
Father, I thank you, Father, for the
blood.
We take this blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Amen.
My deliverer is coming.
We believe it
now. Father, I plead the blood over my
eyes. I thank you, Lord. Uninterrupted
and unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. If you want to show me anything,
Father, we're here.
I know we've already seen so much, Lord,
and
what you've showed us.
So, Father, we'll pray over what you've
already given us. But Lord, we thank
you for always dipping into that
well.
I yield to the anointing of the
prophetic. I yield to the anointing of
the watcher, the watchman,
to see all that which is to come.
And whatever you have for us, Father, we
attract to deflect. And we give you all
the glory, honor, and praise for
everything. For we know
that it's not by us. It's all by you,
Father. We're just vessels.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels,
that the excellency of the power is
known of you and not of us.
That
in the last days, you said that your
young men will have visions.
Your old men will dream dreams.
You will continue to show us that which
is to come. We
yield.
We yield.
Now, I'm just going to pray over some of
the things until I hit the river
over what he showed us last night.
Okay? Let's pray over the power grid.
Let's pray over our water. Let's pray
over our infrastructure,
over our oil wells.
Specifically Total. Let's pray
for these things because
the enemy would like to destroy our
economy and make it worse,
with
the gas lines and the gas wars and
things like that. I believe we can stop
this, or why would the Lord show it to
us? I believe with all my heart he shows
us that which we can change through
prayer. A lot of this.
Okay.
So, Father, we lift up Total Oklahoma.
We lift up our oil wells. We lift up our
gas wells. We lift up Louisiana. We lift
up all of them. I don't know where
they all are, Father, but we have a
lot of it.
And we know our pipelines,
our crude pipelines, our gas
pipelines, all of it. Father, we cover
it in the blood. Every plot, every
plan against our economy, we say it will
not stand. We cover this nation in the
blood. We thank you, Lord, that Homeland
Security, our FBI, our NSA,
whoever is over any kind of
cyber attacks over our electric grid, we
say in the name of Jesus, every plan,
every plot against this nation from sea
to sea, from the coast all the way
to Canada, I say in the name of Jesus,
you are brought to
not
and exposed.
Thank you, Father.
And that apartment complex right there.
I see that apartment complex.
I see those two men.
England.
They're in Oklahoma,
dude. There's some
in Kansas there.
Lord,
Father,
show me that license plate.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
The license plate doesn't match who's
driving it.
They got it from somebody, but this
license plate does not match who's
driving it.
It's not the new red plates.
We pray over Life Church.
We pray over Life Church. Craig
Groeschel,
we pray over Life Church
all around. We pray over their campuses. We pray over every campus that Life Church
and
Craig Groeschel
have.
We cover those in the blood. We
cover Victory. We cover these
churches.
We cover Crossings.
Rest
over
every campus
over Easter, over Good Friday, over
Saturday,
over these services, we cover them
in the blood. We cover them in the blood
all around Tulsa.
We pray protection over People's
Church.
Specifically Life
It's before me again. I pray over
every Life Church
campus.
I pray over Craig and his family. We
pray for protection around and about those
churches. Thank you, Father.
All over Oklahoma City and Edmond. All over
Oklahoma City.
We
pray a hedge of protection around and
about them.
And this goes for Steven.
Steven,
we pray over every church. Joel,
we pray for Joel. We pray for all these
megachurches.
We cover them in
the blood.
No weapon formed
against them will prosper. The
Easter services will be covered. No
weapon
over
the
Baptists,
over the
Catholics, over every denomination,
tribe, and tongue. We cover the Jewish
people
for Passover. We cover them in the
blood. We cover Fellowship Church in the blood.
From all across America, all across
Europe, over every church in
Europe, we cover
them. Over the synagogues, over Jewish
worship
for
Passover.
Father, we thank you for
angels'aid
and assistance.
Angels of the Lord. Angels'aid and assistance over
every
congregation.
Father, we
thank
you,
Lord, for
the
river all the way through
Church of His Presence. Father, we
praise you for a new wave
of glory. A new wave
where,
when they come to
church, they'll get a fresh touch,
a fresh drink of the living water. We
pray
over all the churches in Canada,
from
Toronto to British Columbia.
Thank you, Father.
This should be a priority. If
you say, 'Brandon,
what's a priority to pray over right
now?'It's
this.
When I try to reach up to it, the
mountain is so big,
praying over these churches. It's like I
feel alone, and I walk up to it, and I
look at it, and I go, 'That's really
all
I can walk up to in the spirit
realm.'And
this is something that needs to be
bathed in prayer. These churches,
mega churches, small churches praying
over Easter, praying over Passover next
week.
There's much to be prayed about.
It's not just about protection.
It's about what they get when they get
there.
What are the people going to get when
they get there?
It's an opportunity to save that which
is lost.
What are they going to experience when
they come
to have a
fresh touch from Jesus?
It could be the last time some of
these people ever step foot in a church.
This could be their
last Easter. What if this was the last
Resurrection Sunday
that we ever have until Jesus comes?
What if this was the last one?
There will be a last one.
There will be a last Christmas service.
There will be a last
Pentecostal Sunday service.
There will be that time when you say, "We
just had our last one on earth.
We're about to experience something
we've never seen
before."Praying
into what people will get when
they get there.
How will their hearts be ready to
receive? Praying for the blinders to be
removed off of them, that they're able to
see.
Satan blinds the eyes of the
unbelievers.
Do you understand? Praying
over Minnesota.
Living Word. I see it right then when I
just said that.
I saw Living Word.
It's not Pastor Mac and Lynne Hammond
anymore. Their son took it over,
but praying over Living Word for
a
major harvest of people in Minnesota.
I'm telling you, these shakings are
coming
as we keep praying over the volcanoes
and the earthquakes in diverse
places.
But people are going to start to come.
What will they get when they get there
to the church services?
Will they get some poor sermon
that's full of just barely
any kind of substance at all, just
entertaining them
like you're going to some movie,
or are you going to get something that will
hit you in the depth of your
inside and say, "I want to change for
Jesus"?
Father, we just thank you
that they're not coming for some dead,
dried-up word. They're not coming for something
that was out of AI, that
some pastor is lazy and doesn't want to
stir in the Spirit and try to find
something to preach, from
AI-backed
something that he got off of the
internet.
But Father, he'll be in there, and he'll
stir the people to change, and want to
come back to Sunday service the next
week, and the next week, and
want to be a part of this end-time
army.
This is all across Europe. This
is all across the land. Oh, Father. All
over Ireland. All over the land.
That they'll get a fresh fire, a
Holy Ghost and fire in the
churches. A Holy Ghost and fire
in their churches. A
stirring inside of them.
And the people that say, "Oh, I
haven't
come to church in a long,
long time."Father, they'll come back.
They'll come back. It's time. It's
come.
One last call. We're calling forth
the lost sheep in the back fields. It's
time to come home.
Let
us
lay it down. We take hold
of
it.
Father, we pray over our infrastructure.
We pray over our electric grid. We pray
over our power stations,
over our bridges, over our dams, over
the nuclear structures. Father,
we thank you, Lord, that
the security would see them as they
come. Father,
they know even by Google Earth,
they're watching.
They're trying to
examine.
We call the open doors to bring them in.
We speak to the doors.
Every person that's hiding
in
an apartment
complex.
In the apartment complexes
and governmental housing,
sanctuary cities.
Uncovering in the sanctuary cities.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that nothing's too hard for you.
Father, we call confusion in the
enemy's camp.
Where there's strife, there's confusion
and every evil work.
And we thank you, Lord, concerning this
nation
that all the evil works
are being uncovered in the name of
Jesus. We call the uncovering of the
evil works over it.
You know, I'm trying to find the
vein of how to uncover these people. I'm
seeing how
you
just ask, you know, it's like
just say, well, you just
look
in the Yellow Pages or
whatever and you're just going to call
the FBI and say they're right there.
I mean, how do you
expose this?
One wall. I'm in the apartment
complex.
I'm in the room.
I can see what it looks like in there.
And they have stuff on their walls.
Blueprints of facilities somehow. I don't
know how they got these. I see blueprints of facilities, like
an
aerial
view
of
substations and
oil facilities.
Maybe it's a drone view.
It's not
satellite, but
it's an actual picture. It looks
like
a photo that they've printed off
and put on a wall.
It's in the living room of this
apartment. There
are
photos on the wall, and
they have
strategic targets on the wall.
It's almost like you have them
thumbtacked
up there.
You can see it. You can walk in, but
they're on this wall
of strategic key locations that they're
casing.
There's hardly any
furniture in there.
It's like one little chair,
an old TV,
a refrigerator,
cigarettes, and a little
ashtray. I see
this
linoleum countertop.
The refrigerator
is a top and bottom.
I can see the freezer on top. It's
square. It's a top
freezer. It's not very big.
It's small
in this place where they're at. I can
see the counters
are
white Formica,
and
there
are
brown
cabinets.
The walls are white, but there's
hardly any furniture in
there.
Their blinds that are opening and
shutting are plastic plantation blinds
that go from the floor all the way down, leading
to
a patio.
They
are
privacy blinds.
I
can tell you what their living room
looks like. I'm in it.
The drawings and things are on the
wall by
the TV. The TV's right here. And there's
a door and an entryway over here, and
it goes outside. I can see the tile
when you walk inside
the entryway of this apartment.
It's white tile.
I can see the door.
And through the door over here, I can see
the bedroom. And there's a bathroom.
It's a one-bedroom, one-bathroom, living
room
apartment.
It's very clear what I'm looking at.
And they have these plans. There's no
kitchen table. It's like a bar
where you would pull up your
barstool, with a
ledge where you'd set your keys or
your stuff.
I can see it clearly with the white
Formica countertops.
It's two men.
One has a beard.
I
can't really make out the other one as
well. I see a beard. It's scruffy. It's a
black beard.
A
black-haired man.
Help me, Lord. I want to go outside.
Show
them.
We
thank you, Lord.
You're exposing these men.
You're going to expose them. Every plan,
every plot.
You're going to bring them to justice.
It's off of
Armslist
loopholes.
Get
crypto.
I pray you're helping me pray.
I'm not saying much;
I've said enough.
But please help me to pray
that
these men are found for what they're
trying to do
to
innocent people.
People
are
so precious to the Father.
We cover it
before it's too late. Father, everything
will be uncovered before it's too late.
All evil plots and plans will be
uncovered.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord,
over
all the Jewish synagogues.
All the Jewish worship.
We thank you, Lord, all over Passover,
all over this season, that you
are going to protect
Rosh
Hashanah.
You're going to protect. Father, I thank
you, Lord, for uncovering.
Father, we
thank you, Lord,
over all our electric grids,
over our water plants,
over our water facilities,
over the dams, over the buildings, the
skyscrapers in New York, over mass
transit. We pray over every mass
transit.
We pray over the
subway
systems.
We pray over the list that I saw over
every plot on people. We pray over
Tucker Carlson. We pray over Alex Jones.
We pray over
Pam Bondi. We pray over Eric, Don Jr.,
Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron,
Kai.
We pray a hedge of blood around and
about them, Father, that they are always in
the right place at the right time, doing
exactly what you asked them to do.
Father, they'll hear your voice. We pray
over President Trump that he will finish
his job in Jesus'name. We thank you,
Lord, that we protect him. We
thank you, Lord, that his blood, his
organs, the pressure of this, Father,
that
he's able to sleep at night, he's
rested, that he makes godly
decisions, that he'll take no counsel
from the ungodly.
Thank you, Lord, that
his mind is sharper than it's
ever been before, that he has no
foggy thinking.
Thank you, Lord, for JD Vance.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
protect him and his wife.
We thank you, Lord, for the
cabinet around him,
for Marco Rubio. Father, we thank you,
Lord, that he's rising up. Father, we
pray over him that he'll
have wisdom concerning Cuba and
liberating the people of Cuba,
and that a great economic future is in
Cuba.
We pray over Taiwan tonight, Father,
that China will leave Taiwan alone, that
they'll not take the chips.
We pray over Taiwan that all the chips
will be protected,
that the people of Japan, the people of
South Korea, and
other Asian nations will rise up and
help protect Taiwan in the days ahead.
That China will not take them,
nor
Korea or Russia.
We thank you, Lord, that Taiwan is
sheltered in the secret place of the
Most High. We praise you, Father, that
Taiwan has a glory dome over it of
protection, that the chips will not fall
to China.
Thank you, Father, that Elon Musk will
get radically born again.
We thank you, Lord, that Elon Musk is
born again and using Starlink all for
the glory of God.
We thank you, Lord, that he's radically
saved,
filled with, and controlled by the Holy
Spirit. Father, that
he would have
a supernatural experience from you
in the middle of the midnight hour.
Jesus, visit Elon Musk, and may he be
the loudest mouthpiece for you.
Telling people, "I was once lost, but now
I'm found.
I was blind, but now I see.
He saved a wretch like
me."I
believe that there is an amazing
grace, Father, that you will pull Elon
Musk out of the pits of hell.
That he'll be radically born again,
on fire for you. A major spokesperson
for Jesus.
I see when I'm praying over Elon Musk, I
see this.
I see a brain.
I see a plastic dome over this brain.
It's like you take the part of
the head
all the way around, you lift the skull,
and it's plastic, but you can see the
brain and the fluids
underneath a plastic cover. And you can
see the
slushiness
from fluids
inside of it. You would see
a brain,
but it's on Elon's head. And I can see a
sloshiness
moving around in his brain.
And as I see this, it actually
looks like blood, and it's flowing in
this dome. As I was praying for
him,
we thank you
that Elon Musk is born again.
We
thank you, Lord.
You're showing me, Lord.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all I seek.
And when
your eyes
are
on this child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all
I
see.
And when
your eyes
are
on this child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Oh
Lord,
you're beautiful. Your
face is
all I
see.
And when
your eyes
are on
this child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father,
that your eyes are on this child.
I thank you that your eyes are on us,
that your grace abounds to us,
that Father, you've never left us
and you never forsake us. And Father, I
thank you, Lord, that even with
what I've seen tonight, Lord,
I thank you
that you're uncovering every plot, every
plan all throughout Europe.
I thank you.
We give you praise, Lord.
Your hand is not short.
You've got this nation.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
they'll be brought to justice.
And it's sooner than later. I believe we
could see it tomorrow.
You wake up and it's on the news.
It's time for
an
acceleration of what we've been praying
for. It's not drawn out. You go, 'Well,
it's been months.'Father, we'll
see an acceleration of things. The sower
and the reaper go hand in hand.
We believe, Father,
we believe. You believe it, Braden?
I believe it.
They're going to find these guys.
They're going to find them and they're
going to bring them to justice.
They will not harm anybody.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
I'm excited about it. I just believe
it. I'm not going to sit and get all
upset about it and go, 'Well, you know,
this is going to happen.'No, I'm going
to believe God that it's not.
Thank you, Lord.
All our oil rigs, all our oil wells, all
our oil facilities, and our major
electric plants are protected,
that there will be no power outages for
weeks on end trying to rebuild these
substations.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that we
would have the victory over every plot
and
every plan
in
Jesus'name.
Well, I feel it's okay tonight.
I'm not completely satisfied, but
I feel pretty good about
what we prayed for so far, praying
over Easter, praying over Passover next
week. We just have a couple
more days praying over our
services for
Resurrection Sunday,
but
we prayed pretty good. I don't know
how many of you were here tonight, but I
know that we make a lot. Many hands
make light work. And it's not just
concerning Oklahoma. It's concerning
all of Europe. We're talking Africa.
We'll keep praying clear through Friday,
Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday. It starts
April 1st. So, we're going to
pray until then.
We have like nine days left
or whatever it is
until Easter.
But
we have a lot of time. We can change a
lot of stuff
praying over it.
Ten
days until Easter. We have a lot of
time to pray. So, we're going to keep at it. We're going
to make this a greasy spot,
and
when
we get on the other side of it,
we're expecting the victory.
It's our time to rise and shine
over these services and see what else
the Lord shows us over the next couple
of days praying over this and
uncovering.
So, I say what I feel like I can.
And I
am
so thankful that you all would pray with
me tonight. We're so excited you're
here.
I'm done. I'm tired now.
The last two days have pulled
a lot out of me concerning all the
things I've seen.
And I go,
there's a lot of work to do. I pray the
Lord's raising up prayer warriors all
around us, that people take it and pray
over what I've given you and grab a hold
of it for your city. Go around your
church
and pray over where you go to church.
Pray for your pastors. Pray for the
laypeople, the
associates. Go around praying for your
kids'schools.
You live in your area. You have
authority in your area. Go pray for your
church.
Go around there and say, 'Hey,
we ain't going to have none of
that up in
here.'Go
around, drive around your church,
whatever. Walk around it. Do exercise
that day before church. Go around
praying over your church.
Your pastor needs your help. Don't leave
it all up to him and say, 'Well, you
know, it's up to Pastor So-and-so to get
the prayer done, and if he doesn't cover
it, well, if tragedy happens,
it's on him.'He's praying over you. He's praying over
the sermon he's
going to give you, who's
going to get saved, and the bills of
the church. There's a lot of pressure on
a pastor.
So, you take initiative and say, 'I'm
going to help
out.'Pray
over your church. Go, if you go to
Life Church and you watch me, go pray
over Craig Groeschel's churches. Go pray
over Crossings, go pray over
Victory,
and intercede for
Paul Daugherty and these people that
have huge churches that need help.
We're a family. We're a body. We pray
for our pastors. You pray over Rodney
Howard-Browne. You pray over John
Kilpatrick. Pray over your pastors
that they're able; it's a tough
job
leading so many people and being
criticized by sister clipboards in the
audience,
and so you just keep praying.
I believe that that's what we're here
for, and I'm so excited that
there's so many of you that wanted to be
a part. Even praying tonight for Joel,
praying over Joel, you
say, 'I don't agree with
Joel.'I
don't care if you agree with
him or not, pray for him.
Go around his church. Pray for him. Pray
around his neighborhood. Pray
for his congregation.
Cover him in the blood.
You know,
people get mad and they have an
opinion about everything, but we are a
body.
I don't always agree with my cousins
or my uncle, but I still pray for them.
You know, we can
agree to disagree on some things, but we
still love each other
and we still pray. You say, 'Well, you're
Catholic, I'm Baptist.'That's
why
I told you the walls of
separation have got to come down
where we just say, 'Hey, I'm praying over
this church.
I'm praying for
protection.'Because
say you had a
daughter or a son that didn't go to
church where you went to church, and they
choose to go somewhere
else,
and you go, 'Well,
I don't necessarily like the
pastor, but you have somebody that you
love that goes to church
there.'Pray
for them.
Pray for the covering of that church.
It's our job as a body to do
this
and say, 'Listen, I'm praying a
covering around this
church.'This
is how important it is right
now.
I'm seeing some bad stuff
and it's not time
to
just leave it on Brandon. He prays. I've
prayed and prayed and prayed. But I
don't live in these cities like
you all do. I live in Oklahoma.
I live in Tulsa. I pray over Tulsa
all the time.
Praying over the Mabee Center. Praying
over
Church on the Move. Praying
Victory Church, praying over our church.
You just pray
it. You're just covering the blood,
you're just using your authority
and say, 'Father, we thank you, Lord, for
the churches around here that they'll
have revival, but first and foremost, you
protect them
from these crazy people that would try
to do mass
shootings
and kill, steal, and
destroy.'And
so that's what we give God praise
for because we know that He hears us.
And so I'm so thankful that you all
take it seriously, that you drive around
Minneapolis, you drive around Minnesota,
you drive around Living Word, you drive
around praying over the cities, you pray
over your churches.
I'm agreeing with you.
We're agreeing. But you're boots on the
ground.
Be boots on the ground.
It would be wonderful to go to all the
states and go around all the churches
and pray, but I just can't.
So, you go around and do it. You do it.
Hey,
I'm part of the prayer team. That's why
the Lord said I'm raising up men
and women throughout the United States,
South Korea, North Korea. We're going to
have a big revival in North Korea. We're
going to bring revival in China.
We're going to have it in the
Philippines. We're going to have it in
Japan. And I'm telling you,
we're going to have it all throughout
Canada and Europe.
And we're going to look back and say,
man, when we get on the other side,
we'll tell the stories. Do you remember
when we were praying for that?
Do you remember when we prayed for that?
And we saw the fruit of it, and it
came to pass, and the glory of the Lord
was on all of our congregations, and we
saw the biggest harvest, and we'll tell
the people about it.
Oh, you all should have
been there.
You should have been. You were born in
the
1800s. Well, let me
tell you about the last revival.
It was awesome. You went to Azusa? Azusa
had nothing on what we did. I'm telling
you, we saw more miracles.
It's going to be great. What stories
we'll tell for eternity.
Look at the people that we prayed for.
Look at the people and the souls that
were saved during the last revival.
I was a part of it.
Have expectation that God's going to do
something big through you.
It's not always somebody else. 'Well, of
course, we know Brandon or whoever,
Braden,
you know, you have a platform. I
don't.'You
don't need one. I'm just a
part of it.
I gave a dollar to it.
Whatever you had your part
in,
every little bit, piece, and
everything helps. Do you know what I'm
saying?
Don't think that what you do is
insignificant
to the great harvest. Every prayer
you pray, every time you pray for
your pastors and the people that are
leading, you just don't
realize what those prayers mean.
Every time somebody tells me,
'Brandon, I'm praying for you,'I go,
'Oh, thank God
somebody's praying for me other than
me praying for
myself.'It
means a whole lot to us
for the spiritual pressure that we're
under. I didn't realize when I told
Diana,
I said, 'Never dreamed that ministry
would be like this.
Never
did.'You
have these
pie-in-the-sky
dreams, you know, as a young man,
you're looking at ministry like it's going to
be great. And I
told her, we talked about it last
night
as I saw all the things
the Lord showed me. It was very dark.
And I said, I never dreamed
ministry would look like this.
Never did.
But I'm thankful that He chose me and
I'm thankful that He's using me. But
you have this,
I don't know, cupcakes and rainbows
idea.
It's like you
go,
'Oh, we're going to have
a tea
party.'You
go, 'Oh no, it's not a tea party.
We're all going to sit down and have tea
together,
and you can have a
cupcake and I'll have a piece of pie.
Let's just enjoy life, and
we'll sit on the porch
and talk about Jesus.'And I
thought, you know, that's fine, but
that's not reality.
Maybe in heaven,
but from what I've seen, it's spiritual
warfare.
And I'm going, 'Okay, this is
fun.'Braden's
laughing at me
because
he knows.
He knows.
Braden's
going to write a book one day.
I tell you what, being
my
scribe, he's seen it all, seeing his daddy go
through all he does. He'll
write a book one day, I guarantee
you:
'This is what I saw
firsthand.'Well,
we love you
all.
I want to tell you again, thank you
for coming out tonight.
If there are some of you that have never
asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal Savior,
tonight's your night.
You know who
you are.
If you've never asked Jesus Christ to be
your Lord and personal Savior
and you're not assured of your
salvation, if you were to die tonight,
where would you spend eternity?
It's just that plain and simple.
Where would you spend it? Just ask yourself, 'If
I die today, where would I
go?'You
say, 'Well, Brandon, I don't
know.'That's
a scary place to be:
'I don't know where I'll go. I don't know
where I'll be.'If I die tonight, do I
just go to nothingness?
No.
You're either in heaven or hell. To be
absent from the body is to be present
with the Lord, or you're going to be
present with the devil.
Your choice.
But you need to make a choice tonight
and really get real with
yourself and real with the Lord and say,
'I need Jesus.'If you believe you need
Jesus, if you
are really questioning where you are
with the Lord, why don't you be assured
of it?
Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine! Oh,
what a foretaste of glory divine! I'm an
heir of salvation,
purchased of God, born of His Spirit,
and bought with His blood.
This is my story, this is my song,
praising my Savior all the day long.
praising my Savior
all the day long.
Blessed assurance.
Jesus is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine.
I want
you to get really real right now, though.
Do you have that blessed assurance?
Do you believe Jesus is yours?
Do you believe you belong to Jesus?
If you're not there, I want to say a
simple prayer with you. And
you just
say it with me. You just say
it with all your heart.
And I believe the moment you say this
prayer, you'll have that blessed
assurance. Jesus is mine. Oh, what a
foretaste of glory divine. You're going
to be able to say that.
But if you have questions in your heart
right now, do not gamble. Do not play
with your eternity and tell yourself,
"Well, you know,
it doesn't really matter."Oh, it does
matter.
It does matter.
Sell out to Jesus tonight.
He loves you. So,
he's waiting on you right now.
He's knocking on the door of your heart,
and will you let him in?
Are you going to say, "No, I don't want
to be born again"?
So say, "Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I need a Savior.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my
sins.
Wash me. Make me new.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my
back on the sin.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on the things I was doing in the
world. And from this day forward, I
serve you with all my heart.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life.
Jesus, I'm sold out to you.
I believe you are the Son of God
and I want you to be my Lord and
personal Savior.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day
forward, I'm yours.
And if I were to die tonight,
I know I have a blessed assurance that
Jesus is mine.
I'll be with you in paradise from this
day forward.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for giving me a fresh,
clean start.
And I believe the best is yet to come.
Amen. And
amen."I
believe if you just said that simple
prayer, you just got born again. I
believe that you just sold out to Jesus.
That you are a new creation
created in Christ Jesus. Behold, he's
made all things new.
You say, "Well, I really don't know if I
totally feel that way right now,
Brandon."Who
said
you were going to?
You work out your salvation with fear
and trembling.
It's a day-to-day process. I serve you,
Jesus. And the more you read that, you
get a Bible. This is what you're going
to do. You're going to get a Bible.
You're going to go to church. You're
going to find a Bible-believing church,
a non-denominational church. That's
where I would go. And you read your
Bible, and it will change you from the
inside out. And you're going to see the
more you draw close to him. He said if
you knock, the door will be opened unto
you. If you seek him, you will find
him.
The more you seek him, the more you're
going to find him. And he will change
you from the inside out. And you're
going to look back at this day right
now
and you're going to go, "You know what?
I am not the same person that I was even
a week
ago."But
you've got to invite him in. He's a
gentleman. You say, "Lord, change me. I
need
you."Tell
that pastor when you go to church.
You find a church there, tell them, say,
"I want to be water baptized."Get water
baptized. They might
even have baptismal services for Easter.
Who knows? I don't know. Usually, they do
something extra on Easter.
Tell them, "I want to get water
baptized."Get
plugged in there. Get excited about
your decision tonight. 24 people gave
their
hearts to Jesus Christ tonight.
24. Welcome to the family, all 24 of you
that gave your heart to Jesus Christ. There
are
so many of you that are here
late, and I'm excited you're here.
Welcome to the family.
But if you don't have a Bible and you
can't afford a Bible, my wife and I will
buy you a Bible for free. All you have
to do is email us in the description
down below. There's an email down there.
Say in there in the headline, "I
got born again."And then give us your
address and a way to be able to send it
to you. And we will send you this Bible.
It'll
come in probably this
week. I'm pretty sure she'll get it
to you this week. But if you just
email us down below, we won't solicit
you for anything. We just want to
congratulate you on giving your
heart to Jesus Christ. All 24 of you,
welcome to the family. We love you and
we're excited you're here.
But to the rest of you, if you could
like, subscribe. To you that got saved,
too: like, subscribe, click the
notification bell, be a part of this
YouTube channel. We believe we're
reaching souls, one soul at a time.
Sometimes more than that.
But we believe that Jesus has called us
to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And we're excited to be a part of this
prayer channel. I'm glad you're here
tonight. And so we'll do it
again and again. Just keep praying
over the nations. But we love you,
and we're thankful that you came out
tonight, and we'll see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all. Have a wonderful
evening. Bye-bye.